table attribute completeness (#1057)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/first-steps/manage-multidimensional-data-in-a-table.md

You can define that a table is required for the completeness of a channel. See the [dedicated article](what-is-the-completeness.html).

> The basic rule is that we consider a table **complete**, as soon as **1 cell is filled**. But you can go further by defining, in each column, if this one is required for the completeness of the attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ground rule is that we consider a table **complete** as soon as **one cell is filled**. You can go further by defining the completeness at the column level by making it required for the completeness of the attribute.
```

![image](../img/TableAttributeCompleteness.png)

> This way, you can easily define that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way, you can easily define three different levels of completeness:
```

> - the table is complete if **every cells** are filled (you should have checked the completeness option in every column)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- the table is complete if **every cell** is filled (you should have checked the completeness option in every column)
```

> - the table is complete if **every cells of 1 or several column.s** are filled (you should have checked the completeness option in some columns only)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- the table is complete if **every cell of 1 or several column.s** is filled (you should have checked the completeness option in some columns only)
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the table is complete if **every cell of at least one column** is filled (you should have checked the completeness option for one or several columns)
```

> - the table is complete as soon as **one cell** is filled (including the cells of the first column).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- the table is complete as soon as **one cell** is filled (only the completeness option of the first column should be checked). This is the default.
```

> - the table is complete as soon as **one cell** is filled (only the completeness option of the first column should be checked). This is the default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the table is complete as soon as **one cell** is filled. In that case, only the completeness option of the first column should be checked. This is the default behavior.
```
